---
attribution: ["jethoof", "LittleMaelstrom"]
creation: 2023-05-05
modified: 2023-05-13
type: other
---

# Quest Example - 2023-05-05
> [!NOTE] Prompt:
> 
> - Persuade Creature
> - Attack Organization
> - Burgle Building
> - Deceive Settlement
>   
>   Feel free to move around the words, combine them together to create more complex side quest. Looking forward to what you will create! 

> [!example]- Re-Possessed
> Submitted by: LittleMaelstrom
> 
> A citizen is looking for any fine adventurer with the stomach for ghosts to assist them in reclaiming their lost friend.
> 
> "Mildred stole my homegheist. I just know she did. She always was jealous of him and how clean and protected he kept my house. I will pay you $gold if you bring him back, and I may even teach you a spell or two." - Anders Lumins, Court Occultist
> 
> ## GM Notes
> 
> - The party must locate mildreds house, it will not be in the notice. 
> - Mildred's "House" is more like a mansion.. that is located right next to Anders' mansion.
> - Mildred is a closet necromancer.
> - Other quests can and should happen concurrently.
> - If they successfully infiltrate Mildreds house without being detected, they will find the homegheist in one of the sleeping quarters at random. 
> - Homegheist doesn't want to go back. Party must convince (Talk Check) or entrap (Whatever your occult/int/spell checks are)
> - If Homegheist decides to go back, they will possess a party member on the way back, and be real, real chatty. Mildred will be incensed and track down the party later. 
> - If Homegheist cannot be retrieved and they turn-in/abandon the quest, Anders will be furious and summon the party to court, where he will then attack them.
> - Homegheist decides to assist them in either case. If attacking Mildred, he remarks she takes no pride in her home, letting people walk around naked all the time (The people are skeletons..). If attacking Anders, he remarks that Anders' was a lazy enchanter who couldn't cast a prestidigitation worth a donkey's rear, and a terrible friend.
> - Upon defeat of the "Bosses" The Homegheist wants to be the parties' HomeGheist. He can be sent to their player homes, or if they are constantly traveling, will happily clean up camp. Turns out, he's a great cook too.
> 

> [!example]- Taxing Bandits
> Submitted by jethoof
> 
> A request came to the party looking for someone to persuade an influential noble in the region to lower the taxes. The noble states the taxes are needed to guard the trade routes and may need further tax increase to raise or hire an army to attack the local bandit settlement. The bandit settlement is protected by a magical item and preventing them from making direct attacks. The noble requests the party to sneak into the bandit settlement and steal or destroy the magical item protecting the bandit settlement.


